The soul always knows what to do to heal itself. The challenge is to silence the mind.
Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again.
You are not a human being having a spiritual experience. You are a spiritual being having a human experience.
The quieter you become, the more you can hear.
Prayer is when you talk to God; meditation is when you listen.
Enlightenment is when a wave realizes it is the ocean.
Within you, there is a stillness and sanctuary to which you can retreat at any time.
Spiritual growth is not like fast food. It takes time.
The wound is the place where the Light enters you.
Don't try to steer the river.
Let go of who you think you are and embrace the divine truth of who you were meant to be.
Everything in the universe is within you. Ask all from yourself.
When you touch one thing with deep awareness, you touch everything.
To understand everything is to forgive everything.
Stillness is not about focusing on nothingness; it's about creating an emotional clearing to allow ourselves to feel and think.
Awakening is not changing who you are, but discarding who you are not.
In the spiritual world, the truth is not measured by popularity but by light.
The divine in me honors the divine in you.
The heart knows the way. Run in that direction.
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
God sleeps in the rock, dreams in the plant, stirs in the animal, and awakens in man.
The moment you accept what troubles you've been given, the door will open.
When the soul lies down in that grass, the world is too full to talk about.
Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love.
He who knows others is wise; he who knows himself is enlightened.
Trust the vibes you get. Energy doesn’t lie.
Every morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most.
The most important journey you can take is the journey within.
Your outer journey may contain a million steps; your inner journey only has one: the step you are taking right now.
Listen to your soul, it already knows the way.
